Extend GitHub demo (#263)
confluentinc/demo-scene: confluent-connector-github-demo/README.md

# Confluent Connector Github Demo 

> In this demo, you'll learn how to set up the Confluent GitHub Connector, and then how to capture pull request events that surface to the Confluent interface. After that, you'll learn to process thos GitHub events using Kafka Streams! The processor that you'll use will pull the state (open or closed) from the GitHub pull request event, and store the current ratio of those events in a Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, you'll learn how to set up the Confluent GitHub Connector, and then how to capture pull request events that surface to the Confluent interface. After that, you'll learn to process those GitHub events using Kafka Streams! The processor that you'll use will pull the state (open or closed) from the GitHub pull request event, and store the current ratio of those events in a Kafka topic.
```

client.dns.lookup=use_all_dns_ips

# Best practice for Kafka producer to prevent data loss
acks=all
key.serializer=org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringSerializer
value.serializer=org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringSerializer
key.deserializer=org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer
value.deserializer=org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringDeserializer
```

You can find the values for `bootstrap.servers` by visiting your Cloud console and clicking 'Add a client' and selecting 'Java'. The `username` and `password` values are the API key and secret values you downloaded earlier, respectively. 

Now, create folders for your Java files:

```
mkdir -p src/main/java/clients

mkdir -p src/main/java/model

mkdir -p src/main/java/serde
```

Paste the code located at this folder's `GitHubPrRatio.java` into a file that you've named: `clients/GitHubPrRatio`.java`. It's a good little chunk of code! We'll walk through what each bit does in a minute.

You'll also need to copy the code in `model/` and `serde/`.

```
cp -a path/to/demo/folder/model/  path/to/your/folder/model/

cp -a path/to/demo/folder/model/  path/to/your/folder/serde/
```

> Now, if you run `./gradlew clean build` & `./gradlew shadowJar`, and then run the file `GitHubPrRatio.java`, you'll get output that calculates the ratio of open/closed pull requests!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, if you run `./gradlew clean build` & `./gradlew shadowJar`, and then run `java -jar build/libs/kafka-java-getting-started.jar`, you'll get output that calculates the ratio of open/closed pull requests!
```
Updating to add the command to run

Author: looks good!

```bash
Store value GitHubPRStateCounter{open=138, closed=199}
Store value GitHubPRStateCounter{open=139, closed=199}
Store value GitHubPRStateCounter{open=140, closed=199}
Store value GitHubPRStateCounter{open=141, closed=199}
```

## Step 5: Understanding what we just did

What is happening in this file that gives us this pull request ratio? Let's walk through it. 

![diagram of the text that follows](https://github.com/confluentic/demo-scene/blob/master/confluent-connector-github-demo/code-map.png)

On line 102 in `GitHubPrRatio.java`, we've got a `MyProcessorSupplier` class. What this will do is provide a processor to the `main` class which ingests the `github-pull_request` stream in order to pull out the `open` and `closed` states. 

On line 130 inside the `MyProcessorSupplier` class, we've got a state store established, which will hold the current state of the open/closed pull request ratio. That's iterated over and printed in the `init` function on line 112. The `process` method on line 123 will take in the events, mark them as open or closed and increment the count, and stash them in the state store. 

> Now, when `.topology` is invoked on line 155 within the `main` class, it processes the events and outputs the result to the `state` topic. 

Reviewer: You can mention that the `topology` method builds your Kafka Streams topology for processing, and then add it's `KafkaStreams.start()` that kicks off the processing of events
